# ARSA---personal-assistant
it is ARSA version1.0
ARSA is an AI personal voice assistant service built using python. It can understand human speech and perform basic task designed by the client.

When the user specify the appropriate trigger words , The ARSA gets activated and executes the user commands.

ARSA AI Voice assistant:"Loading your personal Assistant ARSA.... Hello, Good Morning" (Greets the user according to time)

The implemented Voice assistant can perform the following tasks:
Opens a wepage : Youtube , G-Mail , Google Chrome , StackOverflow

	 Human : Hey ARSA, Open Youtube
Predicts time

 	Human : Hey ARSA , What is the time
3.Fetch Top headlines from Times of India

	Human:Hey ARSA , what's the latest news?
Captures a photo

	 Human:Hey ARSA, Take a photo
Searches data from web
	
 	 Human: Hey ARSA, Search Butterfly images from web
Ask geographical and computational questions

	 Human: Hey ARSA, What is the capital of California? / Hey G-One what is Sin 90?
Predict Weather of different Cities

 	 Human: Hey ARSA , What is the weather likely now in Kerala?
Abstarct necessary information from wikipedia

	 Human: Hey ARSA , Who is Bill Gates according to Wikipedia
The voice assistant abstarcts first 3 lines of wikipedia and gives the information to the user.

Ask ARSA about what task it can perform and who created it

 	Human: Hey ARSA, Who created you? / Hey ARSA , What can you do
10.Turn off your pc when required

	 Human: Hey ARSA , Please turn off my PC
Libraries required to be installed using Pip Command:
1.Json

2.request

3.Speech recognition

4.Pyttsx3

5.Wikipedia

6.Ecapture

7.time

8.Wolfram Alpha
In-Built libraries required to be imported:
1.os

2.datetime

3.web browser

4.subprocess
ARSA uses Third party API's to predict weather in different cities and to ask computational and geographical questions. Free API keys can be generated by creating an account in the following applications.

Open Weather Map - To forecast weather

WolframAlpha - To answer questions
